I went ahead and gave Harry three grades before this, recording a B plus an A-plus and a C plus.
Now, if I try to delete this student with an idea of one.
I will delete Harry.
It gives us a big error.
That's because the grade table's foreign key column.
It's referencing the student with that ID and by trying to delete this student with an idea of one these
records, they would not mean anything anymore.
So if I delete a student with an ID of one, if that deletion were to work, then our grades table wouldn't
make any sense.
We need to cascade the effect of that deletion to all of the grades associated with that student.
So over here, back in our code, we're going to say.
Cascade.
Is equal to cascade type dot all.
Let me go back and give Harry three grades.
C-plus.
A-plus.
And B plus.
But to run this query.
Okay.
Here we see three grades, and by deleting this student, it's going to cascade the deletion to all
of their grades.
Let's try it out.
I will delete Harry.
Beautiful.
And if I were to run that same query again, we can see that any operation we apply to the student gets
cascaded to its associated records.
In this case, by deleting the student with an idea of one, that deletion was cascaded to all of its
associated grade records.
And I hope this makes you realize that this only worked because the relationship is bidirectional.
When we delete the student our table, it understands that these are all the grades associated with
this student.
It finds all of their grades and cascades the deletion process.